posts/ytgify-launch.md, before:

---
title: "ytgify: YouTube to GIF Converter Chrome Extension - No Watermark"
date: "2025-10-05"
excerpt: "Turn your favorite YouTube moments into shareable GIFs."
tags: ["Chrome Extension", "YouTube", "GIF", "Launch"]
featured: true
author: "Jeremy Watt"
seoTitle: "ytgify: Free YouTube to GIF Converter Chrome Extension"
metaDescription: "ytgify is now live in the Chrome Web Store. Turn your favorite YouTube moments into shareable GIFs."
---

[ytgify](https://chromewebstore.google.com/detail/ytgify/dnljofakogbecppbkmnoffppkfdmpfje) - a YouTube to GIF converter with no watermark - is now live in the Chrome Web Store!

It's a free GIF maker Chrome extension that lets you easily clip GIFs right from YouTube, by adding a simple video clipper interface directly to the YouTube player itself.  You can select your start time, gif duration, resolution and FPS, and even add text!

<div style="max-width: 800px; margin: 2rem auto;">
  <iframe width="100%" height="450" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/hBBr8SluoQ8" title="ytgify Demo" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen style="border-radius: 8px; box-shadow: 0 4px 6px rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.1);"></iframe>
</div>

Before making the extension, clipping GIFs off of YouTube was a slow and painful process, involving multiple apps to download the YouTube video, bring it into an editor, clip it, export as a GIF, etc. Now it's a breeze.

Shared this out and was happy to see others liked it too - the extension got solid traction on Reddit ([r/SideProject](https://www.reddit.com/r/SideProject/comments/1ntgjnn/a_youtubetogif_chrome_extension/), [r/ClaudeAI](https://www.reddit.com/r/ClaudeAI/comments/1ntgb1c/youtube_gif_chrome_extension_built_with_claude/)) before launch.

Within the first week of sharing it out, we have over 1500 users!

[Get it on Chrome Web Store](https://chromewebstore.google.com/detail/ytgify/dnljofakogbecppbkmnoffppkfdmpfje) →

Commit message:

Optimize SEO metadata for 7 blog posts based on Search Console data
Updates seoTitle and metaDescription frontmatter for better keyword targeting:

- ytgify-launch: Target "no watermark" + feature keywords
- ai-logo-generator-claude-code: Renamed from ytgify-chrome-extension to match content, target "AI SVG logo generator"
- keyword-research-claude-code: Target "best seo tools for claude" (72 impressions opportunity)
- claude-code-github-actions-example: Expanded metaDescription with keywords
- claude-code-ci-babysitter: Improved metaDescription copy
- x-search-pro-launch: Target "save twitter advanced searches"
- storyboard-demo-videos: Target "automated storyboard" keywords

All changes based on Google Search Console keyword analysis.

posts/ytgify-launch.md, after:

---
title: "ytgify: YouTube to GIF Converter Chrome Extension - No Watermark"
date: "2025-10-05"
excerpt: "Turn your favorite YouTube moments into shareable GIFs."
tags: ["Chrome Extension", "YouTube", "GIF", "Launch"]
featured: true
author: "Jeremy Watt"
seoTitle: "ytgify: Free YouTube to GIF Converter - No Watermark Chrome Extension"
metaDescription: "Convert YouTube videos to GIFs instantly with ytgify. Free Chrome extension with no watermark, adjustable FPS, custom resolution, and text overlays. 1500+ users."
---

[ytgify](https://chromewebstore.google.com/detail/ytgify/dnljofakogbecppbkmnoffppkfdmpfje) - a YouTube to GIF converter with no watermark - is now live in the Chrome Web Store!

It's a free GIF maker Chrome extension that lets you easily clip GIFs right from YouTube, by adding a simple video clipper interface directly to the YouTube player itself.  You can select your start time, gif duration, resolution and FPS, and even add text!

<div style="max-width: 800px; margin: 2rem auto;">
  <iframe width="100%" height="450" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/hBBr8SluoQ8" title="ytgify Demo" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen style="border-radius: 8px; box-shadow: 0 4px 6px rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.1);"></iframe>
</div>

Before making the extension, clipping GIFs off of YouTube was a slow and painful process, involving multiple apps to download the YouTube video, bring it into an editor, clip it, export as a GIF, etc. Now it's a breeze.

Shared this out and was happy to see others liked it too - the extension got solid traction on Reddit ([r/SideProject](https://www.reddit.com/r/SideProject/comments/1ntgjnn/a_youtubetogif_chrome_extension/), [r/ClaudeAI](https://www.reddit.com/r/ClaudeAI/comments/1ntgb1c/youtube_gif_chrome_extension_built_with_claude/)) before launch.

Within the first week of sharing it out, we have over 1500 users!

[Get it on Chrome Web Store](https://chromewebstore.google.com/detail/ytgify/dnljofakogbecppbkmnoffppkfdmpfje) →
